What this course is all about.
Let's review the intended audiences for this course because I want
to make sure that you're in the right place.
First of all,
we have those who work in the information technology field full time,
IT professionals.
The job roles associated with this role could be anything
from a technical support desk person, a desktop support engineer,
it could be an installation engineer or a systems administrator,
or technically,
anybody whose full-time work involves information
technology mainly from the infrastructure side.
I don't want to leave out developers because application developers,
also called programmers,
oftentimes I've found in my experience may be missing some of the power user,
end user skills, and I submit that by learning those skills,
this can help your work as a programmer greatly.
Information workers are business professionals whose line of
business may not have anything to do with IT,
but nonetheless,
having Windows 10 expertise will allow you to do your job much more efficiently.
Students, you could be a secondary school student,
a professional school student, university student,
whatever the case may be where computer literacy is on the menu.
And then finally, there is the residential or home PC user.
These could be people who are interested in learning more about
Windows at a deeper level than what you might find elsewhere in say a
typical end user book or training course.
I've aligned all of the content in this course to a
Microsoft certification exam.
That exam idea is 98-349 and its title is Windows Operating System Fundamentals.
Now this certification is called the MTA for Microsoft Technology Associate
and it's a line of entry-level certifications that are targeted at those
with little to no previous experience with IT.
Thus, if you're a student and you're looking to get into the IT field,
this is a great first step in that direction,
and by passing this single certification exam,
you'll have an honest to goodness Microsoft credential that
you can put on your LinkedIn profile, advertise on your resume,
etc.
Now at Pluralsight,
we no longer officially title our courses to map to the Microsoft exams.
That can make it a little bit difficult sometimes to find training,
so I'm glad that you're watching this first module and you're
seeing this information on your screen now.
The reason for this is that we find that Microsoft in particular,
their technology has evolved so quickly that Microsoft Learning,
the group who makes the certification exams,
are always having to chase their own tail,
so by updating our training almost continuously becomes kind of unworkable.
So instead, we map to career skills, and in this course,
it just so happens that the career skills I'm targeting
align perfectly with that MTA exam.
Now if you are interested in passing this exam,
I'd suggest first of all that you head over to the Microsoft Learning website.
I have a short URL in this slide, timw.
info/mta.
The final module of this course is going to be a
detailed breakdown of this exam, so don't worry,
don't think well are you just throwing me to the wolves,
Tim.
No not at all.
By the time you reach that last module,
you'll have all the subject matter mastered and you'll be ready to really
drill in and pass the test if that is one of your goals.
I'm going to throw in a number of historical perspective slides in order to
put us in a historical context with Microsoft Windows.
This screenshot is from Windows version 1 way back when in November 1985.
It's easy to laugh at this, but at the time,
it was very novel to have a graphical user interface.
Back in those days, it was all command line,
the Microsoft Disk Operating System or MS-DOS as it was known.
So to be able to use a mouse and intuitively click around,
yes, Apple had the Macintosh at roughly the same time,
but this was a big deal at the time.
And if you run Windows 1 now, believe it or not,
you can set up a virtual machine that runs MS-DOS and Windows 1.
01.
It's very clunky indeed and very primitive, but I want to put that in perspective as we study Windows 10 in this course.